1. Router:
    A. It's the entry point of he grid
    B. The router takes care of forwarding the requests to the correct component.
    C. All the external request from the client will be received by router at first and depending
    on the request, the router behaves differently. 
        a. New request: if router receives a new request, the roter will forward to the SESSION QUEUE.
        then session queue will trigger the request through the EVENT-BUS.
             The distributor, where the new session creation will be handled, will receive the event and
        poll the new session queue to get new session request.

        b. Existing request: In case of existing session, the router will send the session id to SESSION
        MAP and the session map will return the NODE where the session is running. 
            After this, the router will forward the request to the relevant node.
    D. The router also aims to balance the load in the grid by sending the request to the component
    that is able to handle them better without overloading any component that is not needed in the 
    process.


2. Distributor:
    A. The distributor is aware of all nodes and their capabilities.
    B. Main role of DISTRIBUTOR is to receive the new session requests and find the suitable node 
    where the session can be created. 
    C. After the session is created, the distributor stores the relation between session id and
    node where the session is being executed in the SESSION MAP.

3. Node:
    A. Nodes can be several.
    B. Each node gets its own task for the available browser the node posseses. 
    C. The node registers itself to the distributor through the event-bus and its configuration
    is sent as part of registration message. 
    D. Node only executes received command. It doesn't evaluate, make judgements or controls them.

Session-Map:
    A. Session map is a data store where the information of session id of ongoing sessions and 
    corresponding nodes are kept. 
    B. It supports the router in the process of forwarding  a request to any node. 
    C. The router will ask the session map for the node associated with a session id when starting
    the grid in its fully distributed mode. 
    D. The SESSION MAP is the first component that should be started. 

Session-Queue:
    A. This is the only component which can communicate with the session queue. (What's this now?!)
    B. The session queue receives the session request from the router and adds it to the queue.
    C. The queue waits until it receives the response for the request. 
    D. In case of time-out, the request gets rejected immediately  and not added to the queue.
    E. Upon successfully adding the request to the queue, event-bus triggers an event
    F. Then the distributor picks up the event and polls the session queue.
    G. And then the distributor attempts to create a new session. 
        a. If any of the requested capabilities does not exist in any of the registered nodes, then
    the request gets rejected immediately and the client receives a response. 
        b. If it matches any node, distributor attempts to get the available slot.
            1. then if all the nodes are busy, the distributor will ask the queue to add the request
            in front of the queue.
            2. the distributor receives the request again after request-retry-interval and it will keep
            doing that until time-out or success.
    7. After getting the available slot and session creation, their distributor passes the session 
    response to the session-queue via the event-bus.
    8. the session queue respnds to the client when it receives the event. 
    
Event-bus:
    A. The event-bus serves as a communication path between the nodes, distributor, session-queue 
    and session-map. 
    B. The gris does most of its internal communication through messsages avvoiding expensive 
    http calls.    


Also, there is standalone mode which I need to know about.       
